README.md, before:

# ScalaBridge Curriculum
Materials and resources for workshop curriculum, hosted at [https://scalabridge.gitbooks.io/curriculum/content/](https://scalabridge.gitbooks.io/curriculum/content/)

## Development Setup

This curriculum is written using [GitBook](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook). To run locally, run:

```sh
npm install gitbook-cli -g
gitbook serve
```

## Contributing

To contribute, see:
* [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Find us on Gitter:
* https://gitter.im/scalabridge/curriculum

## Acknowledgements

This curriculum would not have been possible without our friends at [BridgeFoundry](http://bridgefoundry.org/).

Curriculum has been inspired by and borrowed from:
* [RailsBridge](https://github.com/railsbridge/docs)
* [ClojureBridge](https://github.com/clojurebridge/curriculum)
* [ElmBridge](https://github.com/elmbridge/curriculum)
* [ScalaKoans](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/)
* [Creative Scala](https://github.com/underscoreio/creative-scala)

## License

<a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

This means you're welcome to use, share, and adapt this material as long as it's for non commercial purposes and you give us attribution.

Commit message:

Update formatting of contributing, add link to contributors

README.md, after:

# ScalaBridge Curriculum
Materials and resources for workshop curriculum, hosted at [https://scalabridge.gitbooks.io/curriculum/content/](https://scalabridge.gitbooks.io/curriculum/content/)

## Development Setup

This curriculum is written using [GitBook](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook). To run locally, run:

```sh
npm install gitbook-cli -g
gitbook serve
```

## Contributing

To contribute, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

You can [find us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/scalabridge/curriculum) with any questions!

## Acknowledgements

This curriculum would not have been possible without our friends at [BridgeFoundry](http://bridgefoundry.org/). We're especially grateful for the [contributors to the project](https://github.com/scalabridge/curriculum/graphs/contributors).

Curriculum has been inspired by and borrowed from:
* [RailsBridge](https://github.com/railsbridge/docs)
* [ClojureBridge](https://github.com/clojurebridge/curriculum)
* [ElmBridge](https://github.com/elmbridge/curriculum)
* [ScalaKoans](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/)
* [Creative Scala](https://github.com/underscoreio/creative-scala)

## License

<a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

This means you're welcome to use, share, and adapt this material as long as it's for non commercial purposes and you give us attribution.
