resources.md, before:

Name | Org | Link 
---|---|---
Scala Exercises | 47 degrees | https://www.scala-exercises.org/ | intermediate
Coursera Scala Specialization | Scala Center, free without certificate | https://www.coursera.org/specializations/scala
Scala School | Twitter | https://twitter.github.io/scala_school/
Effective Scala | Twitter | http://twitter.github.io/effectivescala/
Creative Scala | Underscore | 
Atomic Scala | | http://www.atomicscala.com/
Scala for the Impatient | Lightbend | https://www.lightbend.com/resources/e-book/scala-for-the-impatient
Functional Programming in Scala | Lightbend | https://www.lightbend.com/resources/e-book/functional-programming-in-scala
Programming in Scala | | http://www.artima.com/pins1ed/
Scala Standard Library documentation | EPFL | http://www.scala-lang.org/api/current/#package
Scala language specification | | http://www.scala-lang.org/files/archive/spec/2.11/
Essential Scala - Six Core Concepts for Learning Scala | Lightbend | http://downloads.typesafe.com/website/presentations/ScalaDaysSF2015/essential-scala.pdf
Scala by Example | | http://www.scala-lang.org/docu/files/ScalaByExample.pdf
"Learn Functional Programming Without Growing a Neckbeard" | Kelsey Innis | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvL6QAxRK4

Commit message:

revised linux, windows setup, resources, updated .gitignore (#23)

resources.md, after:

Resource | Source | Description 
---|---|---
[Scala Exercises](https://www.scala-exercises.org/) | [47 degrees](http://www.47deg.com/) | Scala Exercises is an Open Source project for learning different technologies based in the Scala Programming Language. Currently covers Standard, Cats, and Shapeless libraries, and can be extended to others | intermediate
[Coursera Scala Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/scala) | [Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) | A new Scala mini-degree offered on Coursera. Composed of: 4 courses, one capstone project - A significant 4-5 week long final programming project. Note: only the first 3 courses are currently available.
[Scala School](https://twitter.github.io/scala_school/)| [Twitter](https://twitter.com) | "From ∅ to Distributed Service - ...teaching Scala not as if it were an improved Java but instead as a new language." Most of the lessons require no software other than a Scala REPL.
[Effective Scala](http://twitter.github.io/effectivescala/) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com) | Twitter's "best practices" for Scala. Useful for understanding idioms in Twitter's code.  
[Creative Scala](http://underscore.io/training/courses/creative-scala/) | [Underscore](http://underscore.io/) | Creative Scala is aimed at developers who have no prior experience in Scala. It is designed to give you a fun introduction to functional programming. The course textbook is free, complete with exercises and solutions.
[Atomic Scala](http://www.atomicscala.com/) |[Mindview](http://www.mindviewinc.com/Index.php) | This book teaches the Scala language to both programming beginners and those who have already programmed in another language. The first 100+ pages of the book are available as a PDF download.
[Scala for the Impatient](http://horstmann.com/scala/) | [Cay S. Horstmann](http://horstmann.com/) | A rapid introduction to Scala for programmers who are competent in Java, C#, or C++. “Currently the best compact introduction to Scala” —Martin Odersky [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/resources/e-book/scala-for-the-impatient) provides a free download of Chapters 1-11, 139 pages.
[Functional Programming in Scala](https://www.manning.com/books/functional-programming-in-scala) | [Paul Chiusano](https://pchiusano.github.io/) and [Rúnar Bjarnason](http://blog.higher-order.com/) | Functional Programming in Scala is a serious tutorial for programmers looking to learn FP and apply it to the everyday business of coding. [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/resources/e-book/functional-programming-in-scala) provides 2 sample chapters for free and a promotional 40% off the purchase price at Manning.
[Programming in Scala, 1st Edition](http://www.artima.com/pins1ed/) - free online | [Martin Odersky](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Odersky), [Lex Spoon](http://www.lexspoon.org/), and [Bill Venners](http://www.scala-lang.org/blog/2016/04/29/sc-community-representative.html) | The "Stairway" Book - This book is the authoritative tutorial on the Scala programming language, co-written by the language's designer, Martin Odersky. The main target audience for this book is programmers who want to learn to program in Scala.General programming knowledge is assumed.  [The Third Edition is now available](http://www.artima.com/shop/programming_in_scala_3ed) for purchase. It has been updated to cover new features up to and including Scala version 2.12 
[Scala Standard Documentation](http://www.scala-lang.org/documentation/) | [EPFL](http://www.epfl.ch/) | [Getting Strarted](http://www.scala-lang.org/documentation/getting-started.html), [Overviews/Guides](http://docs.scala-lang.org/overviews/), [Tutorials](http://docs.scala-lang.org/tutorials/), [API - Scaladocs](http://www.scala-lang.org/documentation/api.html), [Language Specification](http://www.scala-lang.org/files/archive/spec/2.11/), [Glossary](http://docs.scala-lang.org/glossary/), [Cheatsheets](http://docs.scala-lang.org/cheatsheets/), [Style Guide](http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/), and more.
[Essential Scala - Six Core Concepts for Learning Scala](http://downloads.typesafe.com/website/presentations/ScalaDaysSF2015/essential-scala.pdf) - PDF | [Underscore](http://underscore.io/) | Presentation slide deck from Scala Days SF 2015 that is overview of Underscore's Essential Scala course.
[Scala by Example](http://www.scala-lang.org/docu/files/ScalaByExample.pdf) - PDF | [EPFL](http://www.epfl.ch/) | Takes you through the Scala features with many examples. It does assume that you are already familiar with the basic Scala syntax and a basic understanding of functional programming. It is an excellent way to expand your knowledge and skill.
["Learn Functional Programming Without Growing a Neckbeard"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvL6QAxRK4) | [Kelsey Innis](http://nerd.kelseyinnis.com/blog/2013/01/07/resources-for-getting-started-with-functional-programming-and-scala/) | With the help of Pam Grier, Kelsey Innis, software engineer at StackMob, hopes to take functional programming away from the of holier-than-thou neckbeards and bring it to the mere mortals. - YouTube video recorded at SF Scala meetup in December 2012.
